Improved codec documentation (#6094)
python-pillow/Pillow: docs/handbook/writing-your-own-image-plugin.rst

    Whether the first line in the image is the top line on the screen (1), or
    the bottom line (-1). If omitted, the orientation defaults to 1.

.. _file-codecs:

Writing Your Own File Codec in C
================================

There are 3 stages in a file codec's lifetime:

1. Setup: Pillow looks for a function in the decoder or encoder registry,
   falling back to a function named ``[codecname]_decoder`` or
   ``[codecname]_encoder`` on the internal core image object. That function is
   called with the ``args`` tuple from the ``tile``.

2. Transforming: The codec's ``decode`` or ``encode`` function is repeatedly
   called with chunks of image data.

3. Cleanup: If the codec has registered a cleanup function, it will
   be called at the end of the transformation process, even if there was an
   exception raised.

Setup
-----

The current conventions are that the codec setup function is named
``PyImaging_[codecname]DecoderNew`` or ``PyImaging_[codecname]EncoderNew``
and defined in ``decode.c`` or ``encode.c``. The Python binding for it is

> named ``[codecname]_decoder`` or ``[codecname]_encoder`` and is setup from

Reviewer: "setup" is the noun, "set up" for verb
```suggestion
named ``[codecname]_decoder`` or ``[codecname]_encoder`` and is set up from
```

  any format specific state or options.

**pulls_fd**/**pushes_fd**
  If the decoder has ``pulls_fd`` or the encoder has ``pushes_fd`` set to 1,
  ``state->fd`` will be a pointer to the Python file like object. The codec may
  use the functions in ``codec_fd.c`` to read or write directly with the file
  like object rather than have the data pushed through a buffer.

  .. versionadded:: 3.3.0

Transforming
------------

The decode or encode function is called with the target (core) image, the codec
state structure, and a buffer of data to be transformed.

It is the codec's responsibility to pull as much data as possible out of the
buffer and return the number of bytes consumed. The next call to the codec will
include the previous unconsumed tail. The codec function will be called
multiple times as the data processed.

Alternatively, if ``pulls_fd`` or ``pushes_fd`` is set, then the decode or
encode function is called once, with an empty buffer. It is the codec's
responsibility to transform the entire tile in that one call.  Using this will
provide a codec with more freedom, but that freedom may mean increased memory

> usage if entire tile is held in memory at once by the codec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
usage if the entire tile is held in memory at once by the codec.
```
